Add release notes for Luigi v.1.25 (#2912)
SAP/luigi: blog/2022-09-30-release-notes.md

---
title: Luigi v1.25.0
seoMetaDescription: Release notes for Luigi v1.25.0
author:
  - Aleksandra Simeonova
layout: blog
---

You can read about the new features in Luigi v1.25.0 in the release notes below.

<!-- Excerpt -->

#### Ignore events from inactive iframes

> With the changes made in Luigi v1.25, events will no longer be triggered when an iframe micro frontend is not active. For reference, see the [pull request](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/pull/2908).

Author: ```suggestion
With the changes made in Luigi v1.25, you will have the configurable option to no longer trigger events when an iframe micro frontend is not active. For reference, see the [pull request](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/pull/2908).
```
